The facility logistics staff work with customers
to forecast demand and gain an understanding
of their needs.
This helps establish automated inventories
through use of generic inventory programs,
also known as GIP, or its successor program.
The logistics staff would monitor stock replenishment,
monitor supply and commodity consumption,
and analyze usage and cost reports
to advise customer, fiscal, and facility or
VISN leadership.
The ultimate goal is to provide uninterrupted service
to customers at the lowest possible total ownership cost.
Logistics needs to continually assess
inventories and adjust stock levels
to maintain the desired balance.
For example, unit 34 will request surgical boots
for a patient that has been moved to the area
from the ICU after surgery.
This request falls into the customer demand category.